Problem

After a while (1 - 7ish seconds) of the interrupts working fine, they randomly stop working.
I don't get any errors, but nothing happens when I press any buttons

It normally breaks well before reaching the end of the vga text buffer
It happens after 0 - 7 seconds
Can happen from only pressing one key repeatedly, or spamming any keys
Will still happen if I slowly press and release the key


All of the tests I have done:

1.  have a variable for the keyboard isr running that I check in the timer isr,
    just in case the timer was running during the isq, never was true

2.  I tried reading the scancode port in the timer irq, just to see what that did
    It still broke as often as before, but it would fix itself after a couple of seconds of nothing

3.  Tested that I am sending the eoi by logging master / slave, always logged master

4.  Tried making the interrupt only increment a counter that I printed in the timer int, made no difference
    Also tried moving the printing to kmain (the main kernel function), still no difference

5.  Tried reading the scancode while the int(0x64) bit 0 said that there are still scancodes in the queue,
    this made it not break when I pressed two buttons in quick succession.
    HOWEVER, after this I tried adding a counter to see how many times I have read inside that while loop,
    and it sometimes will print that I have read the scancode more than once, 
    
    but NEVER when I do the same quick key presses that would break it before,
    even though having the while loop stops it from breaking like that

6.  When I combine the while loop in the keyboard_isr and the reading the scancode port in the timer,
    it makes it very hard to break, but it still will break if i just run my hand over the keyboard for a bit

Ways I've narrowed it down

1.  I know that pressing two buttons quickly like a roll off causes it to fuck up

2.  Timer always works, even when printing each time the timer isr goes

3.  I've printed the scancode, and it might break when pressing, holding, and releasing, no difference

Ideas I have for what might be wrong in order of how likely I think it is

1.  Somehow it isn't reading the scancode?

2.  The call stack could be getting corrupted

3.  Some sort of concurrency bug with multiple ISRs running at the same time

4.  EOI could not be sending even though it is printing that it has sent